Update bulk RNA-seq module for virtual pilot (#197)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: RNA-seq/01-qc_trim_quant.md

---

We'll first want to set our working directory to the top-level of the RNA-seq folder.

Copy and paste the text in the code blocks below into your `Terminal` window in RStudio.
It should be in the lower left hand corner as a tab next to `Console`.

**Set current directory to the top-level of the RNA-seq module:**

```bash

> cd ~/training-modules/RNA-seq

Reviewer: This may be the first time they see `~`; probably worth mentioning it it takes them to their home directory.

Author: Can you take a look at https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/pull/197/commits/74755e5ccf7061b5ba8bc8a0fab3525ac81c57bd and see what you think of my explanation?

---

We'll first want to set our working directory to the top-level of the RNA-seq folder.

Copy and paste the text in the code blocks below into your `Terminal` window in RStudio.
It should be in the lower left hand corner as a tab next to `Console`.

**Set current directory to the top-level of the RNA-seq module:**

```bash
cd ~/training-modules/RNA-seq
```

> Here `~/` refers to your _home directory_ on the RStudio Server, which is where the materials for training live.
> A home directory is specific to you as a user on the RStudio Server and is where you will store your files.

Reviewer: Expanded just a bit: take or leave whatever you like.
```suggestion
Here `~/` refers to your _home directory_ on the RStudio Server, which is the base folder in which your files live, including most of the materials for training.
This is also the default working directory when you open a new RStudio session.
A home directory is specific to you as a user on the RStudio Server; each user has their own folder to store their files.
```
